[DOCS] Memory and Behavior Protection - Policy (#994)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/install-endpoint.asciidoc

1. Go to *{fleet}* -> *Agents* -> **Add agent**.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/add-agent.png[Add agent flyout on the Fleet page.]
+
2. In the Add agent pane, download the {agent} on your host's machine.
3. After the download is complete, select the **Endpoint Security** integration.
+
[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/endpoint-configuration.png[Detail of Add agent flyout with Endpoint Security integration highlighted.]
+

> 4. After the {agent} is installed on your host machine, open a command line interface and navigate to the directory where the agent is located. Copy the commands from {fleet} for your OS to enroll and run the agent.

Author: ```suggestion
4. After the {agent} is installed on your host machine, open a command-line interface and navigate to the directory where the agent is located. Copy the commands from {fleet} for your OS to enroll and run the agent.
```

Ransomware protection is a paid feature and is enabled by default if you have a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise license]. If you upgrade to a Platinum+ license from Basic or Gold, ransomware protection will be disabled by default.

Ransomware protection levels are:

* **Detect**: Detects ransomware on the host and generates an alert. The {agent} will **not** block ransomware. Select the **Notify User** option to enable user notifications.
* **Prevent** (Default): Detects ransomware on the host, blocks it from executing, and generates an alert. User notifications are enabled by default. Deselect the **Notify User** option to disable them.
+
TIP: Platinum and Enterprise customers can customize these notifications using the `Elastic Security {action} {filename}` syntax.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/ransomware-protection.png[Detail of ransomware protection section.]

[discrete]
[[memory-protection]]

> === Memory manipulation protection

Reviewer: We renamed this to "Memory threat protection" in a later BC: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/42078554/133128674-27eda368-d089-4d66-a16b-e1350eac9130.png)

Author: Thanks for the heads-up! Looks like "Behavior Protection" has also been renamed to "Malicious behavior," so I'll make those updates, too.

Memory manipulation protection detects and stops in-memory threats on Windows systems, such as shellcode injection, which are used to evade traditional file-based detection techniques.

Memory manipulation protection is a paid feature and is enabled by default if you have a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise license]. If you upgrade to a Platinum+ license from Basic or Gold, memory manipulation protection will be disabled by default.

Memory manipulation protection levels are:

* **Detect**: Detects memory manipulation activity on the host and generates an alert. The {agent} will **not** block the in-memory activity. Select the **Notify User** option to enable user notifications.

> * **Prevent** (Default): Detects memory manipulation activity on the host, blocks it from executing, and generates an alert. User notifications are enabled by default. Deselect the **Notify User** option to disable them.

Reviewer 2: This should be changed as well like https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/994/files#r706362168

Here's my suggestion

```
Detects memory manipulation activity on the host, kills the offending process or thread, and generates an alert.
```

cc @joe-desimone @gabriellandau @bradenlpreston @caitlinbetz

> * **Prevent** (Default): Detects memory manipulation activity on the host, blocks it from executing, and generates an alert. User notifications are enabled by default. Deselect the **Notify User** option to disable them.

Author: Per Slack discussion, a more accurate description of behavior:
```suggestion
* **Prevent** (Default): Detects memory manipulation activity on the host, forces the process or thread to stop, and generates an alert. User notifications are enabled by default. Deselect the **Notify User** option to disable them.
```

+

> TIP: Platinum and Enterprise customers can customize these notifications using the `Elastic Security {action} {filename}` syntax.

Reviewer 3: this default will be `Elastic Security {action} {rule}` for Memory and Behavior protections

Author: I've seen this change in a 8.0.0 test server, but the UI still has `Elastic Security {action} {filename}` in the 7.15 BC4 test server I'm looking at. Is `{action} {rule}` a planned change for BC >4 but still in 7.15?

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/install-endpoint/memory-protection.png[Detail of memory protection section.]

[discrete]
[[behavior-protection]]
=== Behavior protection

Behavior protection detects and stops threats by monitoring the behavior of system processes for suspicious activity. Behavioral signals are much more difficult for adversaries to evade than traditional file-based detection techniques.

Behavior protection is a paid feature and is enabled by default if you have a https://www.elastic.co/pricing[Platinum or Enterprise license]. If you upgrade to a Platinum+ license from Basic or Gold, behavior protection will be disabled by default.

Behavior protection levels are:

* **Detect**: Detects suspicious behavior on the host and generates an alert. The {agent} will **not** block suspicious behavior. Select the **Notify User** option to enable user notifications.

> * **Prevent** (Default): Detects suspicious behavior on the host, blocks it from executing, and generates an alert. User notifications are enabled by default. Deselect the **Notify User** option to disable them.

Reviewer 3: This may need to be adjusted:

Suggestion:
```
Detects suspicious behavior on the host, kills the offending process, and generates an alert
```

We should get confirmation from the Endpoint team.

@gabriellandau @ferullo @bradenlpreston @caitlinbetz - thoughts?  We don't actually block all execution, we kill the promoted event/process as far as I know.

Reviewer 2: cc @joe-desimone  as well

Author: How about "stops the offending process" instead? We try to avoid language like "kill" unless it's an actual command in the software, etc.

+

> TIP: Platinum and Enterprise customers can customize these notifications using the `Elastic Security {action} {filename}` syntax.

Reviewer 3: this default will be `Elastic Security {action} {rule}` for Memory and Behavior protections

Author: Same as memory manipulation: I've seen this change in a 8.0.0 test server, but the UI still has `Elastic Security {action} {filename}` in the 7.15 BC4 test server I'm looking at. Is `{action} {rule}` a planned change for BC >4 but still in 7.15?

Reviewer 3: @joepeeples yes, this will be a change appearing in the BC6 build.
